README.md, before:

# APC524 Group Project
## Pair Distribution Function Analysis of Time- and Temperature-Dependent Datasets

Authors: Sophia Bergen, Debra Keiser, and Meddelin Setiawan

This Python-based project automates the process of analyzing pair distribution function (PDF) data collected as the temperature varies over time.

The authors would like to acknowledge Professor Claire E. White and Dr. Karina M.L. Alventosa for the experimental data used in this analysis. More information about the experiment itself may be found [here](https://dataspace.princeton.edu/handle/88435/dsp01mg74qq26k).

# USAGE
## Environment
To create the environment required to execute the scripts, run:
```
conda env create --name PDF_Time-Temp_Analysis -f environment.yml
conda activate PDF_Time-Temp_Analysis
```
## Execution
Create_Report.py executes all other scripts to analyze PDF data. Run:
```
python Create_Report.py
```
Input log.txt and .gr files are stored in /data/ and /data/gr_files, respectively. A description detailing the purpose of each script/function is provided in its respective file.

## User Input
/src/Plot_PDFs.py, /src/Plot_Total_Peaks.py, and /src/Peak_Tracking.py require that the user indicates which PDF file(s) they are interested in analyzing by lising the corresponding key(s) in /src/user_input.txt (do not move/remove "finish" from the end of the file).

Example syntax:
ramp,1000_00

Keys for "dwell" peaks:
[30, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900]

Keys for "ramp" peaks:
[100_00, 100_01, 100_02, 100_03, 100_04, 100_05, 100_06,
200_00, 200_01, 200_02, 200_03, 200_04, 200_05, 200_06, 200_07, 200_08, 200_09,
300_00, 300_01, 300_02, 300_03, 300_04, 300_05, 300_06, 300_07, 300_08, 300_09,
400_00, 400_01, 400_02, 400_03, 400_04, 400_05, 400_06, 400_07, 400_08, 400_09,
500_00, 500_01, 500_02, 500_03, 500_04, 500_05, 500_06, 500_07, 500_08, 500_09,
600_00, 600_01, 600_02, 600_03, 600_04, 600_05, 600_06, 600_07, 600_08, 600_09,
700_00, 700_01, 700_02, 700_03, 700_04, 700_05, 700_06, 700_07, 700_08, 700_09,
800_00, 800_01, 800_02, 800_03, 800_04, 800_05, 800_06, 800_07, 800_08, 800_09,
900_00, 900_01, 900_02, 900_03, 900_04, 900_05, 900_06, 900_07, 900_08, 900_09,
1000_00, 1000_01, 1000_02, 1000_03, 1000_04, 1000_05, 1000_06, 1000_07, 1000_08, 1000_09]

## Output
All results are stored in /data/ and /data/images. The main output is a portable document file (final_output_report.pdf) that contains plots and tables generated during the analysis. These plots and tables, in addition to .npz files of peak positions, are also saved and stored individually.

Commit message:

Update README.md, read .npz file into Integrate_Peaks.py

README.md, after:

# APC524 Group Project
## Pair Distribution Function Analysis of Time- and Temperature-Dependent Datasets

Authors: Sophia Bergen, Debra Keiser, and Meddelin Setiawan

This Python-based project automates the process of analyzing pair distribution function (PDF) data collected as the temperature varies over time.

The authors would like to acknowledge Professor Claire E. White and Dr. Karina M.L. Alventosa for the experimental data used in this analysis. More information about the experiment itself may be found [here](https://dataspace.princeton.edu/handle/88435/dsp01mg74qq26k).

# USAGE
## Environment
To create the environment required to execute the scripts, run:
```
conda env create --name PDF_Time-Temp_Analysis -f environment.yml
conda activate PDF_Time-Temp_Analysis
```
## Execution
Create_Report.py executes all other scripts to analyze PDF data. Run:
```
python Create_Report.py
```
Input log.txt and .gr files are stored in /data/ and /data/gr_files, respectively. A description detailing the purpose of each script/function is provided in its respective file.

/src/Plot_Total_Peaks.py, /src/Plot_PDFs.py, /src/Peak_Tracking.py, and /src/Integrate_Peaks.py may also be run as standalone scripts.

## User Input
/src/Plot_Total_Peaks.py, /src/Plot_PDFs.py, and /src/Peak_Tracking.py require that the user indicates which PDF file(s) they are interested in analyzing by lising the corresponding key(s) in /src/user_input.txt (do not move/remove "finish" from the end of the file).

Example syntax:
ramp,1000_00

Keys for "dwell" peaks:
[30, 100, 200, 300, 400, 500, 600, 700, 800, 900]

Keys for "ramp" peaks:
[100_00, 100_01, 100_02, 100_03, 100_04, 100_05, 100_06,
200_00, 200_01, 200_02, 200_03, 200_04, 200_05, 200_06, 200_07, 200_08, 200_09,
300_00, 300_01, 300_02, 300_03, 300_04, 300_05, 300_06, 300_07, 300_08, 300_09,
400_00, 400_01, 400_02, 400_03, 400_04, 400_05, 400_06, 400_07, 400_08, 400_09,
500_00, 500_01, 500_02, 500_03, 500_04, 500_05, 500_06, 500_07, 500_08, 500_09,
600_00, 600_01, 600_02, 600_03, 600_04, 600_05, 600_06, 600_07, 600_08, 600_09,
700_00, 700_01, 700_02, 700_03, 700_04, 700_05, 700_06, 700_07, 700_08, 700_09,
800_00, 800_01, 800_02, 800_03, 800_04, 800_05, 800_06, 800_07, 800_08, 800_09,
900_00, 900_01, 900_02, 900_03, 900_04, 900_05, 900_06, 900_07, 900_08, 900_09,
1000_00, 1000_01, 1000_02, 1000_03, 1000_04, 1000_05, 1000_06, 1000_07, 1000_08, 1000_09]

## Output
All results are stored in /data/ and /data/images. The main output is a portable document file (final_output_report.pdf) that contains plots and tables generated during the analysis. These plots and tables, in addition to .npz files of peak positions, are also saved and stored individually.
